Add clarification of setting deprecated alert_new_files (#5433)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/syscheck.rst

alert_new_files
---------------

> .. deprecated:: 4.0

Reviewer: It has not been deprecated because it is still working for older agents. I'd remove this comment.

Author: Done

.. code-block:: xml

 <alert_new_files>yes</alert_new_files>

.. note::

> 	This setting is applied in the manager configuration, but it only takes effect on agents with versions 3.12 or lower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	This setting is applied in the manager configuration, but it only takes effect on agents with versions lower than 3.12.
```

Author: Done

.. code-block:: xml

 <alert_new_files>yes</alert_new_files>

.. note::

> 	This setting is used in the manager configuration, but it will only take effect on agents with versions 3.12 or lower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	This setting is applied in the manager configuration, but it only takes effect on agents with versions 3.12 or lower.
```

Author: Done
